Editorial pass on v4 (#359)
SteeltoeOSS/Documentation: api/v4/security/sso-open-id.md

```

> [!IMPORTANT]
> If you want to use the Steeltoe UAA server without modification, some application configuration options will be very limited.

> > Because the OpenID Connect authentication flow requires user redirection to known locations, the client `steeltoesamplesclient` is expected to listen at <https://localhost:7072>, so you must update `launchSettings.json` accordingly.

Reviewer: Suggested this because it is the _only_ place in all v4 docs where a link is surrounded by brackets. I'm not fundamentally opposed to using that style, and we can consider introducing it later. This suggestion here is just for consistency.

* If a user attempts to access the `Privacy` action and the user is not authenticated, the user is redirected to the OAuth server (such as a UAA Server) to log in.
* If an authenticated user attempts to access the `TestGroup` action but does not meet the restrictions established by the referenced policy, the user is denied access.

> [!NOTE]
> The Steeltoe UAA server has several pre-provisioned user accounts. Sign in with `testuser` and password `password` to access resources secured with `sampleapi.read`
> To test with a user that does not have the permission `sampleapi.read`, sign in with the user `customer` and password `password`.
>
> See the [Steeltoe Security samples](https://github.com/SteeltoeOSS/Samples/blob/main/Security/src/AuthWeb/README.md) for examples of additional basic functionality, such as signing out of the application.

### Single Sign-On for VMware Tanzu

When using Single Sign-On for VMware Tanzu, you must choose a service plan before you create a service instance.
If you do not have an existing service plan, a platform operator may need to create a new plan for you.

> For the operator resource, see the [Single Sign-On for Tanzu operator guide](https://techdocs.broadcom.com/us/en/vmware-tanzu/platform-services/single-sign-on-for-tanzu/1-16/sso-tanzu/operator-index.html). This guide contains information about how to configure plans for developer use.

Author: ```suggestion
For information about configuring service plans for use by developers, a platform operator should follow the steps in the [Single Sign-On for Tanzu operator guide](https://techdocs.broadcom.com/us/en/vmware-tanzu/platform-services/single-sign-on-for-tanzu/1-16/sso-tanzu/operator-index.html).
```
